Allow content checksums doc (#1199)
pulp/pulpcore: docs/settings.rst

        ALLOWED_CONTENT_CHECKSUMS = ["sha224", "sha256", "sha384", "sha512"]

    The entire set of supported checksums are: ``md5``, ``sha1``, ``sha224``, ``sha256``,
    ``sha384``, and ``sha512``.

    .. warning::

>       Due to its use as a primary content-identifier, "sha256"" **IS REQUIRED**. Pulp will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Due to its use as the primary content-identifier, "sha256"" **IS REQUIRED**. Pulp will
```

>       fail to start if it is not found in this set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      fail to start ``"sha256"`` is not found in this set.
```

Author: ... to start **if** ``"sha256"`` is not found ...

    Pulp can prohibit or allow checksums by setting the ALLOWED_CONTENT_CHECKSUMS setting.
    Changing this setting requires a few steps.

    First, before you change the setting, see how your Pulp instance will be impacted by this change by running:

    .. note::
      If you already changed ``ALLOWED_CONTENT_CHECKSUMS`` in pulp settings you can leave out ``--checksums``
      as will be automatically parsed from pulp settings.

>     ``pulpcore-manager handle-artifact-checksums --report --checksums sha256,512``

Reviewer 2: I'd switch the order here.
The note between the advertising and the actual command looks disturbing to me.

>       If you already changed ``ALLOWED_CONTENT_CHECKSUMS`` in pulp settings you can leave out ``--checksums``
>       as will be automatically parsed from pulp settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you already changed ``ALLOWED_CONTENT_CHECKSUMS`` in pulp settings you can leave out ``--checksums``,
      and the checksums will be parsed from Pulp settings.
```

>     Adjust ``--checksums`` as coma separated list of checksums types to match your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Adjust ``--checksums`` as comma separated list of checksums types to match your needs.
```

>     Adjust ``--checksums`` as comma separated list of checksums types to match your needs.

Reviewer 2: Sorry for not seeing this earlier. I would even switch the note with that sentence too.

Author: make sense to me also

    Before switching, any on-demand repos containing forbidden checksum digests needs to be synced with

>     policy immediate to populate missing allowed checksums (this can heavily impact your disk space).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``policy=immediate`` to populate missing allowed checksums. This can heavily impact your disk space.
```
